documentation: s3 object lock configuration usage (#35374)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/s3_bucket_object_lock_configuration.html.markdown

Provides an S3 bucket Object Lock configuration resource. For more information about Object Locking, go to [Using S3 Object Lock](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/object-lock.html) in the Amazon S3 User Guide.

-> This resource can be used enable Object Lock for **new** and **existing** buckets.

-> This resource cannot be used with S3 directory buckets.

## Example Usage

> ### Object Lock configuration for new and existing bucket

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Object Lock configuration for new or existing buckets
```
